The Brown University expected their applicants
for their school to have something in their
background besides academics. Work,
extracurricular activities, social
activities, social interaction. They wanted
people who could fit in society. and who had the
ambition and the goals to achieve something when
they get done. And this is why I was real strong in
the selection process for musicians, athletes,
particularly individual sport athletes, and
people that are interested in art. Because you
only get good in those areas by individual effort
and dedication. You can't learn to play the piano
by sitting down. You can't learn to jump in the
water. Based on your experience, what would be the
most important single fact?
One of all, and that's desire. How do you make it?
You don't. You just have to believe in them.
As
you know from picking associates and flirting
graduates, you've got to believe it. If all you
take is a transcript, what do you have? You have a
transcript. In general, how long would you sleep?
Yeah, I could do it for a few
days. Undergraduates go to high school,
university, in something like 1959 or 1970. In
three semesters, she was able to accumulate 16
grades at DNF. Thank you. Thank you.
Well, for the most part, they had no way to forget
anything. They had no choice but to get it raised,
and they took everything, and put it on the moon,
and, uh, they were good, and they were
self-admitted, just out of the question. They
didn't think it was over. How did they no longer
identify as the angel? Uh, they, uh, they, uh,
they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, . .
.
Thank
you.
Shh!
Thank
you.
Okay,
there it goes. What I'm worried about is how much we
didn't get.
That's why I keep glancing at it. You were talking
about proud moments with the students. Do you
remember any times when an Aggie tried to pull your
leg and give you an excuse that you knew was really
far-fetched? No, not that I was aware of. I think
the most disturbing thing every first day of
class, and I always ask them to fill out a card with
some information about themselves. and where
they were from, and how to pronounce their name,
and a few other things. And I remember, I don't
remember her name. And goodness, I don't remember
her name. But this one young lady wrote on hers,
I'll do anything to get an A in this class. And I
didn't chase that anywhere. But of all the women
that I taught, that's the only really outward
proposition
No good old boy said that his grandfather might die
the first day of deer season.
You'll take a calendar, a year's calendar, and put
it up on the wall and throw a dart at it. And whatever
day that dart hits, you'll have a cold that day.
I think that.
straight to them. I got such a shock Tuesday. And it
was unbelievable. I pick up things. I was walking
down the hall at Southwood Valley Tuesday morning
to go read to a class, and there's a dime laying on
the floor. I picked it up, and I give it to the little
boy who came to escort me to the class. I said,
here's a dime for you. And then there was a nickel
laying right there. So he said, oh, we're supposed
to turn that in. So he went back to the office and
turned that $0.15 in. And I was just dumbfounded.
So I wouldn't have thought of doing it. If he hadn't
been with me, I'd probably put it in my pocket. I
never thought about turning it in. OK, I have then
three questions left. first of those three is
let's make believe that someone walks up to you
tomorrow and hands you a check for one billion
dollars with one condition you must pass it on to
texas a m but you can decide the use of that money if
you had a gift that you could make of that value what
would you want it to be used for
Dow scholarships for every student in the College
of Veterinary Medicine.
I don't
know what the yield would be off of a million a year
at 6% interest. That would be what, $60,000? And
we've got about
500 students. That would be a little better,
$1,000 a student. Would you give one to every
student? Yes. Okay, then the other two questions
are, what has it meant to you to have been here for 35
years? For my whole life. Things, so many that I
would have never even thought of dreaming about in
1935, 1940, 1945, that this could happen to me.
It's just been an absolutely unbelievable
experience. Alright, the last question. What
feelings
do you have in your heart for Texas A&M? This is a
real difficult question for me because I share my
feelings with Iowa State. I graduated from Iowa
State and as I told you, I grew up in Iowa and I've
never been able to get Iowa out of my mind. Iowa is my
home. It's where my parents are buried. It's where
I grew up, where I went to school. All my education
up to master's level was at Iowa, in the state of
Iowa. And I have a tremendous loyalty to Iowa
State.
muster speeches a couple of years ago that the
thing I find most significant with Texas A&M, the
students that come here to go to school, the
majority came to get an education to enable them to
pursue a career. They didn't come because of their
any fraternity or sorority relationship, or
because their dad had gone here, or this or that,
they came on their own to achieve an academic
degree that would let them pursue an honorable
career. And that's what their goal is. And they do
it.
People... We hear this all the time from people
from other institutions and other communities.
They come here and they walk around on the campus. I
know President Bush told me that he puts people up
in the MSC quite frequently. And they go out and
walk around on the campus. And they just can't
believe what they're looking at. And that they
just appear to be so
oriented and goal-oriented in contrast to those
who are just there on a lark. What feelings are in
your heart about Texas A&E?
Being here, and you were here through it at the same
time, how it changed between 1965 and 1980 is just
beyond comprehension. I was a part of it and didn't
know I was a part of it. It was going on. And at that
time, in the 70s, I was making